 Welcome to our next guest, Adrián Fernández, from my first crypto. Good afternoon, Adrián. Thank you for joining us. Good afternoon. How are you? All good? Thank you, Adrián. At a moment when Bitcoin is rising, it's now recovering, so it lost 68,000 dollars and it was about 50% of the amount from October. We are facing a healthy correction or change completely the scenario of the crypto market and how it's behaving in the middle of this scale. Today is a bit wrong, because even if it's rising since this morning, the opening of the market is not good, it has cleaned the maximums of the weekend, it has taken the liquidity that was up there. So, I didn't fool anyone because even though it's green today, the movement is not good. Then, in the middle of the day, we are lateralizing since we touched those 60,000 dollars, lateralizing between 60 and 74, approximately. Since... Let me see it. Since February, from the beginning of February, approximately. We are lateralizing quite widely. As I said, since 64,000 dollars and 14,000 dollars in range. And the liquidity right now, is obviously above and below the range. Below the 60,000 dollars, there is a lot of liquidity. I think there are a lot of people who have done it, I think this was the ground, it seemed too early to call this a ground. And, honestly, I think we are going to see lower prices at 60,000 dollars. I don't know how long, but I think the 60,000 dollars will not last as such. The only doubt I had was if before the 60,000 dollars, below the 60,000 dollars, we were going to go above the 74,000. We were going to reach, at least, maybe a retest in the area of the 80,000 dollars, which would be the most ideal retest. Obviously, the ideal retest in graphics, which is the 80,000 dollars, is being seen by everyone. So, when everyone is seeing it, we already know how the market will go. It will not happen. The structure that the FISTA brought, when it hit 74, it started to come down and for me, it is losing it. So, except news that the panorama changes a lot, I think it has the whole idea that if it does not hold on to the 65,000 dollars during this week, it will be soon when we see that level below the 60,000 dollars. What about that area of the 60,000 dollars, Adrián? Can it accelerate even more the fall? Well, let's see, space has it. Space has it to really fall. Okay? The case is... I think after two or three months that we have been in this kind of range or a half accumulation, it seems like an accumulation to the alpha, but it has a lot of probability of coming down simply because of the sequence that it brings, which is the FISTA in the daily time. We are making a kind of channel to the FISTA, but it is a channel to the FISTA within a larger FISTA trend, okay? In bigger time, then the most likely thing is that it ends up breaking the FISTA. What happens is that, as we have been doing this accumulation for months, it may be that, first of all, we have a strong reaction as soon as we lose the 60,000 dollars, a drop in the liquid and an attempt to retake the levels we were in. As a trader, we always wait to evaluate what the price is doing, if it has an acceptance, if it has a rejection, if it is able to recover the levels we were moving in, or if it is going to come at lower levels. In the case of the lowest levels, I think the area we are going to monitor the next level will be between 60 and 50,000 dollars. Below 50,000, there is some option, yes, but there have to be very specific news, very specific. But I think, from a long time ago, for months, I have been saying that for me, the area of ​​ideal accumulation between 60,000 and 40,000 dollars. While we accept that it is very likely that we go to those areas and we have clear where we want to accumulate and what purchases we want to make at each point, I don't see any problem. Obviously, the paint is good for us, we are in a low level, and until everything else is fixed, everything else, everything macro, we already saw that the first thing that started to fall from the first place, that started to run the money, it really was Bitcoin. Everyone said, hey, what's going on? The stock is at the maximum, the gold is at the maximum, and Bitcoin does not respond, Bitcoin on the contrary, it is coming down. Bitcoin for me, most of the funds, most of the big institutions, they continue to consider it an active risk, it is where the money begins to go first, and above all, the market was making it very clear where the money was going, which was gold and silver, which are more refuge assets, obviously, they are considered refuge assets, and the one who does not consider refuge assets is Bitcoin, it is considered by a few, but it had not been considered by the great players. So... We are facing a purchase opportunity, or is it still left for the low level, as you were saying, Adrián, Bitcoin, as you were saying, has stopped being refuge, and it is behaving like technology again, better? Yes, it depends on the temporal horizon. To talk about a purchase opportunity, if we consider that we can still be six months lower in prices, I am a bit of the timings I have, between six and eight months, I think we could continue to be below 60 and five, 60, 50, for those levels, depending on the cost of the opportunity we will have. In my case, I am more focused on the intraday, because I do not yet have any interest, but because I see that it has very high probabilities of coming below 60. So, I do not have the horizon we have right now in front of us, it is not ideal. It is a matter of interest. People were saying that we were going to have low rates of this year at Punta Pala, and that this was going to be the party of liquidity, and it seems that it is less clear. Now, with the war, probably, all inflation starts to give numbers that did not expect, or that do not like. I say, at a real rate, it would not have, it does not escape, it does not go anywhere, it does not go to 100,000 today or tomorrow. So, it does not go to any price, and simply wait for a real rate, wait for confirmation, wait for the market to be aligned a little bit, so that it is a good opportunity to buy. Beyond that, the $ 66,000 are a good opportunity to buy. If you tell me to buy it now and wait for four years, well, the price is not bad, but you know that you will probably get 6, 7, 8, 9 months with the price below the one we are now. Thank you very much, Adrián Fernández, the trader, for joining us this afternoon at the Wall Street's closing, and above all, to put the focus a little further away from the crypto world and above all Bitcoin, how it is behaving in this context of maximum uncertainty. Thank you very much. Thank you very much, it was very good. Good afternoon.