 This week Blackrock surprised us all with a pretty alarming title. A title that has come out for all the news. Blackrock warns that the indexed funds could no longer be enough. Basically, Blackrock, one of the most respected financial institutions in the world, is telling us that investing in funds or ETFs that follow indexes like LSP500, may not be the best strategy. This has given us a lot to talk about. Many people have created a lot of uncertainty in the markets. Many people are asking how we should react to the news. And of course we wanted to investigate. The interesting thing is that when we started investigating, we found quite interesting things, but at the same time quite worrying things that we will share with you next week. Well, basically, the summary of the news. Blackrock is saying, or said this week, that it is now necessary to evolve to stop only basing on indexes, referring to products that replicate for example LSP500. Blackrock says that markets are evolving to a point where a greater supervision is needed. Basically, Blackrock is telling us that we should change a passive management, that is to say, to follow an index, to invest in active management funds, funds that have greater management by professionals. The reasons Blackrock tells us, are general reasons. One, for the growing concentration of the market. That is to say, what we have seen in other classes, that LSP500 is now very concentrated in a few companies. Geopolitical volatility and the most prolonged jubilations. Well, let's see how true these arguments are that give Blackrock. Is Blackrock right in what he is saying? Let's analyze it. First, Blackrock talks about the risk of concentration in LSP500. And well, this is true. There is something that nobody can deny, because the numbers do not lie. LSP500 is now more concentrated than ever before. This graph that we have here basically shows us how much percentage LSP500 represents the 10 largest companies in the index. And how much they have historically done it. And what we realize is that in average, throughout history, the 10 largest companies in the LSP500 usually represent approximately 24% of the index. Nowadays, the 10 largest companies, which are the ones we see here on the right, represent 38.36% of the index. What many consider makes the index not have a real diversification. Because basically, 40% of our money goes to just 10 companies. In fact, not just 10 companies. If we look at the detail, the 5 largest companies in the index have a weight of almost 30% in the whole index. That is, the 5 largest companies have a weight of what historically usually have the 10 largest. So, let's say that in this part we agree with BlackRock. There is a lot of concentration in LSP500. Something important that I like to clarify about this is that the question that many people ask themselves when they hear this is does this mean that there is a fall? Well, not exactly. What this means is that the index and those we invest in are the ones that follow the index, most of them depend on these companies. Which is not necessarily bad. Why? Because if these companies keep going very well and they are doing well in the future, well, we will have benefited from having that concentration. The following. BlackRock talks about geopolitical volatility. At this point, it won't stop much, because I think all of you are tired of listening to this news every day, but the point is that geopolitical volatility is a reality. Nowadays, we have armed conflicts all over the world. This map shows us the armed conflicts that are currently measured by the number of people who have died in each of these regions. And as you can see, sadly, most of the world is in color. And not only are there wars or armed conflicts as such. We also have commercial relations, which is what we are talking about today in the trade wars. Which won't stop much from this, but you have heard the news, today, especially starting in the United States, everyone is getting orange. And the alliances that have been maintained between many countries are being questioned. So, in this part, we consider that BlackRock has a reason. Now, this part also leads us to another important point that we have discussed. In fact, we discussed it in the first class that we gave this year. And it is the question that many investors ask themselves. Well, if the S&P 500 is concentrated and there is a lot of volatility in the United States, how to compare the S&P 500 with other global markets? Basically, that's what we see in this graph here. We are comparing the performance of the S&P 500, that is, the index that represents the United States actions with the index that measures the rest of the world. And what we realize is that in the long term it is more than clear that the S&P 500 has produced very high performance for the rest of the world. However, many say that this is a narrative that is starting to change. And why are there people who say that? Because if we zoom in on the last years, which is what I have in this other slide, we realize that effectively, from 2025, the index, that is, the actions of the rest of the world have had a better performance than the S&P 500. So many people, as they tie this information up, and say, well, if the rest of the world is winning and everything we have seen before and it seems to be favoring the rest of the world, then it is time to change, it is time to abandon the S&P 500 and move to the rest of the world. And the answer before making, let's say, decisions made up is that it is not necessarily. This that is happening is not something new. This comparison of, let's say, the United States, measured by the S&P 500, regarding the rest of the world, is not new. That historically, in the long term, the S&P 500 has produced better performance, does not mean that it has done it all the years. Throughout history, there has always been years and even long periods, where, temporarily, let's call it that, international markets have exceeded the performance of the S&P 500. And in fact, we see it here, marked in this graph. Here we can see, so that you can see how the graph is interpreted, basically, when this area blue is below the zero line, it means that the international ones won. And what we see is that, right here, last year, international ones won, here too, international ones won, here in 2017, international ones also won, well, you can see all this. The point I'm going to make is this situation, that sometimes international ones win, and sometimes the United States wins, talking about the performance of the stock market, is not something new. This is not a paradigm change, as many... Ah, it's not a paradigm change, as many present it. It's simply the normal behavior of the market. So, why do I say this? Because I don't want you to commit as a mistake to think that this information is to be jumping from one side to another, that we should abandon a market and start investing in the other. Here, basically, this is what makes us confirm that, let's say, the lesson we've given in other classes of the importance of having a diversified portfolio, perhaps in both, in the different regions of the world. The third argument of BlackRock, well, for its hypothesis that we should abandon L and P500 completely, well, not completely, but in part, is the issue of life expectancy, that again, here they are also right, because this is an undeniable fact. What we are seeing in this graph is that people every time we live more and more, and that, of course, is good news. Life expectancy in the world has come to grow drastically and hope continues to grow. But this represents a challenge, let's say, for us as investors. Because basically, what this means is that if we are going to live more time, our investment portfolios, or retirement portfolios should last much longer. I think many of you remember that in several classes we have mentioned the famous 4% rule, those who know the 4% rule more deeply understand that the 4% rule was a calculation that was made to know how likely that people the portfolio will last at least 30 years. Well, basically this, let's say, puts the 4% rule in a straight line because if people are going to live more now, we need those portfolios not to last 30 years, but to last about 40 years or even more. There is also the reason why in many classes we have explained the 4% rule, but we have told them that for our calculations we use the 3.5% rule, precisely thinking about this. So, the point I am going to take is these 3 arguments that BlackRock gives, I return here at the beginning, where BlackRock basically says that the 5.5% rule is not enough, we need more complex instruments or more complex funds for these 3 reasons. Well, the 3 reasons are valid, let's say that I am in agreement with BlackRock, but there is something that is not yet square, there is something that I still, when I saw this, I said there is something weird, I feel that there is something that is hiding us, let's investigate a little deeper. Let's see the solution of BlackRock, because well, let's say that we are in agreement with the problem. What is the solution that BlackRock has? Basically, and I am going to read it here, it says the great change, private markets within the gambling accounts. Here there are two important phrases or two concepts that I want you to pay attention to. Private markets, gambling accounts, it will be very important for the rest of the presentation. Basically, what BlackRock proposes is to expand access to private markets within the gambling accounts, particularly in the United States. What they are doing is that in their funds with an objective date they want to include assets such as private credit, infrastructure and private capital investments, along with what they traditionally have and what we have talked about in many classes, actions and bonuses. Basically, BlackRock what it is suggesting is that product of what we saw before, let's say, of the problems they pose of the S&P 500 and the index in general, they pose the private capital as the solution. Well, let's understand this. And in fact, they are not the only ones who pose this. Many others, let's say, large financial institutions such as JP Morgan and Candrea are telling me, yes, there is a new portfolio model that we want to propose. Before we talked about the portfolio of actions and bonuses or unpaid variable, sorry, unpaid, look. Now what they are saying is that we want to propose a new model. In this new model we will have actions, bonuses and also alternatives. Alternatives is another way of saying it, also to private capital. The private capital goes into alternatives. So many are suggesting this. But let's go slowly. We have to understand why they are suggesting this. BlackRock particularly takes out a whole white paper or a studio, basically all this is the article or all the studio that I use to get to the conclusion that I told you before. What they are suggesting is that now we, as individual investors, should have a new type of fund, a new type of fund that combines the structure precisely of public markets, that is, what we already know of actions and bonuses and join it with the capital or the market of private capital. What I find interesting, they themselves here say, you have to take into account a capital with low liquidity, which is difficult access for most people and which is a little opaque, opaque, key word, we will see it later. Basically, and I want to explain this, I have put it before reading them to say that it is opaque, the problem of private capital is that this has always been a black box. A black box that we cannot see clearly inside it, so it seems strange to me that our suspicion in the team began because black rock is starting to promote private capital from one moment to another. For those who do not know what is private capital, quick explanation. Those who have seen our full course of investment in stock that remember we have a full course so that they can invest and do not have to pay for courses, we talked in one of the first classes that there are different types of companies. They are public companies that are basically the ones that they are listed in stock and in which we can invest like Google, Apple, Tesla, Microsoft and all these that you know, but we also talked about companies that do not listed in stock, that are known as private companies precisely because they do not publicly listed in stock. We also said in that class that some examples of private companies that surely many of you know are for example, Mars, which are the owners of chocolate brands, OpenAI that we surely used chatgpt and Lego that you also surely know. They are companies that even if you know if you want to invest in it, you probably could not do it because they do not sell it in stock. What is this of private investment? An example of private investment I think you have heard a lot of the news that Microsoft, for example, has invested or has bought participation in OpenAI. Well, basically this is an example of a private investment transaction. It is a very similar investment that we do when we buy an company. Only that they are companies or funds that buy shares from another company but they cannot buy them in a bag of values with a public market, but they sit in a room literally, negotiate the old one and move to the old one because it is done as such. So, in summary, for those who do not understand that this is private funds or private capital, well, a private investment fund of private capital basically is a kind of fund that is in charge of collecting money from investors to with that money go to invest it not in companies that invest in stock but generally in private companies. This is the simple explanation super easy to understand. The explanation a little more depth to understand how this works, which is also important and understand it. This works in the following way. First, not only is the private capital that is to buy companies that do not invest in a bag but also the private funds act in what is known as the private credit which is private credit. Basically act as let's say the loaners but the traditional banks do not lend them money then these funds of private capital go and lend money which is a more risky loan but in general also a higher interest rate and also invest in private infrastructure. How does it work? And this is the cycle of important life for those who understand the risks of this. Basically what I told you at the beginning the fund collects capital of multiple investors. So many investors put money in the fund as we say colloquially Colombia makes a cow then the funds go and look for companies to buy in general completely, that is to say for the funds of private capital buy the company with their totality. What they are looking for to do and this is important they have an active management unlike when we invest for example in Microsoft and other Microsoft promotions but we leave the CEO of Microsoft doing their job. Many times these funds what they do is that they buy the company and start changing it all they change the direct fund they change the CEO look for spending cuts make investments basically try to make it to put it pretty and then sell it more expensive. And this is what is known as the fourth step which is the exit which is trying to sell this company improved or make up to a better price. Basically collect money, buy companies make them, put them pretty to sell the masks. This is how it works let's say these funds of private capital. The important thing to take into account is that normally to make these purchases and not only the purchases but all these let's say they are the company's makeup the funds ask for money, many times even the name of the same companies this part that asks for money is important. So I told them since they understand that it is a private capital fund which is what they are telling us in our problem of the SP500 that this was a black box. Remember? I show you the positive side. Why do I say that it is a black box? Because it is very easy to make up the information of the funds. To understand me a little I want to present this example this analogy. I want you to think when you buy an action for example Google, which is the real name of the company is Alphabet. When you buy an action from Google let's say we bought it there in 2021 at a price of 100 I would every day seen how the price of the action went up down, went up, down and so on until today has reached a price of 300. Basically I with the companies that cost in stock I can see how their price behaves day to day not only I can see it, I can graph it and I can experiment it. I can see every day how my money goes up and down. What I say here I can see and feel the volatility However, think when you buy a house when you buy a house really you only know the price of purchase and the price of sale. One cannot enter in the cell phone to see every day how it goes up and down price your house. So what is it that is and this is how it is a false feeling that there is no volatility. But volatility really exists. What happens is that in this example if you bought the house in 2021 and you had tried to sell it in 2022 when all in the world the bags the bonuses and everything was falling probably you will have found that the house you were going to buy at a lower price than you probably bought at a price of who knows 80. As you did not try to sell it did not realize that so that's why I say here that does not mean that the volatility does not exist. Simply that you do not see it and do not feel it and this same effect occurs with the private capital funds Why? Because the private capital funds when they buy companies they usually say and you will read it a lot on the internet research about it that you say is that the private capital funds or investments in capital in private equity have less volatility well that is a volatility between made up quotes because precisely as I said the example of google I like it a lot because if we see other financial states of google in 2022 and 2023 the sales of google never went down the reason why the action fell was because there was a feeling in the fear market there was a feeling of panic in most of its life in the interest rates of the Fed google never left it to be a good business simply because of the feeling of the market the company or the price of the action fell. Now imagine that as there is an Alphabet that obviously I invented the name Private a copy of Google Alphabet but it was private if I saw the company's graph probably that graph because of a private company would look like this one would say this never fell that it would be low volatility but why? Because this works something that is known as a model Mark II model that basically produces what is called a volatility wash I explain why and it has to do with the house again let's start by looking at the financial states the financial states of google neither the sales nor the utilities fell in 2023 so what does it do? as this does not fit in the bag how does the company's valuation work this is like calculating the value just in the company first, lack of public cotization says its price does not dictate the open market an internal commission of the private equity fund once per semester the price does not go up and down all the time and when the calculation is done the calculation is done by the fund but how does the fund do it? because the fund does not make a adjustment to the lower price because if the fund goes down the price of private its performance metrics would fall and they cannot raise more capital therefore they use the model Mark II to calculate the value of the company because the value of the company is maintained flat during the crisis if I calculate the value of the company the value of the company never goes down between 2022 and 2023 why? because the sales did not fall it fell because of a fear in the market to this company Private had the same thing happen what seems like they do not judge the market and they simply show here their own calculation of course it never goes down and this is the part they wait the moment of sale the private owner simply waits for the cycle to return to the market in 2024 or 2026 to make a new round of financing or sell creating that scale up the graph basically is what the house said it is not that the volatility does not exist what seems to be made or hidden for that feeling that the funds were not available but just like the house if the fund had wanted to sell this company Private in 2022 or 2023 when everything was falling they would probably have bought a lower price that they bought it so what is the problem let's see the problem of BlackRock that they do not tell you and spoiler the more we investigate more rare things we find a huge inflict of interest and this is perhaps the most evident part of everything there is something in the world of investments that I think you have noticed and there is a phenomenon called the fee compression or compression of commissions what does this mean? that basically today the investors informed the investors who study have realized that one of the best investments that one can make in passive funds for example that they continue to sell 500 as the very low cost has become important many companies BlackRock Vanguard and among others compete to give the cheapest ETF that continues to be 500 that has led to that much of the money of the investors is put in funds that you know commission annual of 0.03% approximately now what is interesting that here is when the conflict begins BlackRock basically is telling us no no no, that's not good because you don't move to our fund active management like the funds we have live path paycheck when you see the commissions of these funds many of these commissions usually range between 0.20% and 0.40% here something that is clear is that BlackRock favors that we leave ETFs that continue to be 500 and we change funds more often think about it from the point of view of BlackRock it is super clear basically is to charge 13 times more to manage the same amount of money it is a round business for them, that's why I put it here this is not a philanthropic advice this is not a advice to benefit you as an investor this is basically they want to improve their corporate margins and this is worse than you think because now what they are saying is that they can put private capital funds in these in these funds called the life path when you look at the commissions of private capital funds of the largest in the world we realize that their commissions are around 3.5% some even reach 5.5% or 4% if we compare the commissions that charge the private capital funds regarding what ETFs charge for example the S&P 500 or global funds like MSCI global we realize that the difference is huge you still don't understand why you want to move the private capital it is quite obvious and also it is that maybe it is justified to pay more for a fund if it produces better returns but the reality is that it is impossible to see the future when we look at the past we realize that these funds that they suggest us to change have had less performance of the S&P 500 in the last 10 years the S&P 500 has had annual returns of around 14.5% these funds for example have had 12% and 9% basically they are telling us you should change a fund that has less income but that will charge you more as a rare one and in fact not only are these funds not only the BlackRock funds when we see the reality of the returns of the private equity of different funds and this report made by third parties we realize that in the last years the S&P 500 has produced returns of almost double than the median of these funds so normally this is a problem the BlackRock funds in general the funds of private investment for the private capital funds historically they have not had so good performance but as we saw before they have had a high level of administration costs and they do not underestimate this these administration costs are they are so high that I want you to understand the impact nobody knows the future because BlackRock also justifies that through these these changes they will achieve better returns nobody knows that but let's assume that the returns are the same let's assume that in the future the S&P 500 will yield 10% and that these funds will yield 10% before commissions now let's subtract the commissions that is the only insurance we have the S&P 500 we subtract the 0.03% which is what the ETFs that follow and the active funds we subtract the 3% we subtract a 2.4% to do it as a less critical we realize based on this simulation that an investment of 100,000 during 30 years an initial investment that is without any recurrents during 30 years generates a difference of 833,000 dollars basically a person who invests in an ETF that follows the S&P 500 assuming this return to the future after 30 years has 1,717,000 dollars while he invests in an active fund assuming that the fund has the same return only because of the effect of the commissions ends with 900,000 almost half of it so here we start I will give an argument that I do not see logic that they are trying to sell me a product that historically has yielded less and that even if it yielded the same for the commissions is less attractive if you see it sounds like weird basically and that sums up in this positive Blackrock is trying to say that I have to protect myself from volatility and that for that they have a product 3 times more expensive than the one I normally use to protect myself from volatility and from my point of view what I say is basically you are selling me a cheap solution and this is important to a problem that I do not have why? because I do not have a volatility problem because if I am an investment young between 20, 35 years and I have an investment horizon of more or less 20 years volatility does not bother me I do not care that in these next 20 years the market rises or falls because if in the long run it will remain raised to the stock market volatility is not a problem in fact we have seen many classes volatility favors us as investors because it allows us to buy cheaper and invest more when the market has fallen so they are selling me a cheap solution to a problem that I do not have and this is not even the end let's call it that there is something else because we continue to investigate and we felt that there was something else that was hiding us and here comes that part the question we asked with the team and here I give all my credit to my wife who asked this question why just now why now in March of 2026 this advertising campaign began to be made what we found here a little theory before going to history let's see the private capital funds in general terms suffer a lot for the exchange rate of interest because remember that before I told you that it was very important to take into account that many of these transactions were made with loans I mean transactions with payment well precisely that happens that how transactions are made with loans well of course if interest rates go up these loans become more expensive because you have to pay more in interest basically the cost of money rises but when interest rates are low between quotes is free and there is money to waste and basically what we did here with this figure if we analyze the interest rates here we are talking about the United States but this effect was practically replicated in the rest of the world we realize that from 2009 well ignoring this part here until 2022 interest rates were close to zero so basically of course the funds had money cheap between quotes almost free to ask for loans and do all their operations but now that interest rates rose suddenly from 2022 is that they are getting paid because money is not cheap now buying to do this type of operations is much more expensive and that brings a lot of problems we will see next this we say to put a timeline because it is interesting the order in which the situations are first interesting data let's see it like this there in 2020 in the first presidency of Trump opens the door to private capital funds can be included in the pension plans for one K of the United States basically for one K for those who do not know are like the funds of pensions of the United States so basically they say there in 2020 the pension funds should or the pension accounts should be able to invest in private capital funds however when the president of Biden in 2021 gives back this because what they find and say basically what we saw before this sounds weird this sounds like something not only risky but it looks like something that is not the best interest of investors this seems something that is done to favor the funds not investors because historically they are trying to sell a product of less rentability a higher cost so they give back this and product of the interest rates that we saw before that we realize that between 2022 and 2024 the end of 2025 starts to create a crisis in the market of private capital basically on the one hand we realize that as this report says private funds do not find buyers because they bought some companies when interest rates were low to sell at a much higher price but when they sell at a much higher price there are no people interested in buying them because they have no sense here they do not find buyers at attractive prices for them as sellers that has made this indicator that we showed here called buyout has fallen in recent years because basically they do not sell this is what this indicator measures to understand it in a quick way how many transactions of sale so they are not selling what they have bought they are encarred with the companies that bought they can not sell them and there they only have another problem that also comes out this article that shows it in 2023 and it is that not only they have not managed to buy sorry to sell their companies but the money that investors have given them that is, the money that they have recaubed they have not been able to use it to buy attractive companies in a certain way because also among them they want to sell expensive but those who want to buy do not find something cheap enough to justify the rates of interest so high and then buy something attractive so here we have a double problem that is, let's say what begins to create this that is talked about the crisis of private markets and it is the combination of both things basically the private capital says I have money that I can not deploy and also I am not able to sell my companies or get out of stock I need capital in a certain way they are enchanted with those companies so as I said here where can I have enough money to use how to say who can I send these companies with whom I find them so enchanted who can I send this stock to? well, that's where the retirement plans appear and basically why they sell attractive like the perfect solution careful, not for the investor for the funds of private capital they say, wow, pension accounts sound like the most attractive in the world on the one hand, they manage more than 12 billion dollars they also have bismanal contributions automatic tens of millions of workers represent the most stable and inelastic capital of the planet the investor cannot go out of the market because the contributions are automatic and the money is not going to be paid this capital is the perfect rescue mechanism for an industry with excess of dry power which is what we saw before and with markets of closed exits basically think about it pension plans most people who do not study in the market have an automatic pilot every 15 days the company automatically takes them and invests in the funds that have predetermined if we manage to invest the funds of private capital in these funds of pensions well, every 15 days we have millions of people buying the companies with which we are in debt sounds like very good, right? that's why they spent all of their last years doing lobby in the government until again, surprise with the new presidency the second presidency of Trump when he opens the door for companies like BlackRock or other companies of private capital Trump takes an executive order and says yes from now on I decree that the funds of pensions can have a part in private capital wow what we are seeing here and I want to read this part because it is important well in 1974 the law of security of the income of employees that govern the retirement plans of former monkey with the most strict law in the United States before including in the plans former monkey high commissions and insufficient transparency in its valuation and with potential blockages of liquidity considered impudent and therefore it did not fulfill basically never allowed that funds of private capital can be offered through pensions funds because they considered impudent and they consider impudent for more than 50 years but now, momentarily the new regulation seeks to eliminate that blockage putting the responsibility of the investment selection in the employee the employee can include alternatives just following some very simple checks without a real and deep due diligence and also it will not be the consequences and the employees will not be able to demand them if they have great losses that is, if these funds are introduced so that people automatically invest their pension in them and then these funds produce losses the new law that seeks to tell the employee I'm sorry because it did not review you have reviewed it's not my fault, it's your fault that the goal is left to be put more or less and this is even more serious in the cases of automatic plans type former monkey because employees normally do not know where to put their money what I tell you this happens something automatically then and that to finish we are going to finish we are going to finish we realize that now exactly in March March 2026 in the month in which we are an event happened let's say quite particular and is that product of what is seeing this problem let's say the structural in private capital and capital capital many billionaires or people of many money tried to withdraw the money these funds and the surprise was so much what they tried to withdraw companies like black rock blocked the withdrawal basically they told you do not listen, there is not so much money to return the money this more or less smells or seems as what happened in 2008 with the car accident and remember that returning the issue This is not one of these funds, they have private companies that don't pay in bulk. When investors want to withdraw their money, they can't immediately sell to give the money to investors. And as we saw before, as they couldn't sell, when investors tried to withdraw the money, they couldn't give it completely. This has obviously created more concerns. So, look at what we are seeing here. A small summary. A series of unfortunate events. Between 2022 and 2025, private funds are having some of their worst years in history. They are full of structural problems. They can't find anyone to sell to the companies they have bought. They can't buy, they have problems with interest rates, they are having losses. And surprisingly, in February of 2026, the normative came out that allowed to flexibilize the rules to sell all of this, let's say with what is in the cards to the people, natural people like us, through pension funds. This is pending approval, which is expected to be approved soon. And just in March of 2026, practically a few days later, a number of articles from BlackRock appear on the internet talking about that private equity is the best and that the S&P 500 is no longer useful, that we must move all of us to private equity. Here, as I put the meme here, from the incredible movies, coincidence, I don't believe it. As they say, there is a phrase that says, I don't have, how do you say it? I don't have evidence, but I have no doubts either. So all this, another one sounds like this warning from BlackRock, that the S&P 500 is no longer enough and that there is a new magical product that we must consider, it is not something thought about in our well-being, it is something clearly thought about in their well-being. So, the timeline is complete, what we just showed you, if you want to take it as a screen, but it shows how everything, since 2022, has come with problems with the funds and now, see, since 2022, since 2025, Lobby was doing it in Congress, in the government, so that they open that door and now that they have opened the door, or surprise, it's time to do marketing. So, what am I seeing? My personal opinion of all this, about that. Conclusions. This is important to understand and that is the reason why we also decided to do the class today. BlackRock's narrative has macroeconomic observations that are real, that is what we started the class with. There is concentration in the S&P 500, yes, yes there is. There is demographic longevity, yes, yes there is. There is geopolitical volatility, yes, yes there is. But this is used in a certain way to make up, to justify products of greater commercial margin for them. Because as I said before, this in the end creates a volatility problem, which is not a real problem, it is an investment for young people. The funds of capital, private, oriented to the minority, have destroyed the net value in the last three years, generating approximately half of the public market's income, charging more than triple the commissions. We see the internal crisis of the business model of private equity. So we understand why this solution that they give us, as a solution for us, is really a solution for them. And we see how they are changing the regulatory framework that previously protected the worker, protected the investor to now favor the great funds of private capital, including them as BlackRock. So, however, the evidence is that for most investors, to support and maintain ETFs at a low cost, diversified, like those who follow the ECP 500 or those who follow global indexes, is still the best. So, the argument of BlackRock falls into this. So, in my opinion, in a simpler language, for me, companies like BlackRock that are using this narrative of passive investment in indices no longer works, or the investment in the ECP 500 is no longer enough, as a marketing strategy for them. To sell you a product that not only makes much more money to them, but also a solution for them, a problem that they have, the problem of four years ago that they have in their private capital funds. They are looking for a solution, a problem of them, not a problem of yours. Basically, they have private businesses that the professionals do not want to buy. So, now they want to sell them to more informed investors. And this is important. They are acting with urgency to install these products in the plan menus before the regulatory window closes. Why? Because if they do not do this quickly, and there is a change in government or a change in the Senate, it may be that, as happened in 2021, the next government says, no, this is too risky for investors and they put this back again. Conclusion! And this is important. This is important, listen to me. Many of you will probably be thinking, well, Juan is talking about the plans to withdraw from the United States, the way that this has to do with me, that I am not in the United States, because I know that many of you are not in the United States. The problem with this is that this narrative begins to replicate in other countries. Why? Because BlackRock is a renown company, a company that most of us all consider very important. So when BlackRock says something, everyone repeats it. Then active funds from other countries start to repeat, or say to you, look, BlackRock said that passive investment is no longer useful. There you said that the CP500 was good, no, no, no, no, BlackRock said that this is no longer so good. I have a product of active management, they will use that to sell you product of active management to you, in your countries where you are seeing me, even and I have already seen this, not to say names, but of course there are also influencers who use this narrative to sell you courses on how to invest in private equity or how to invest in alternative investments. Why? Because BlackRock is saying that this is the solution. The important thing about all this is that you, you who are seeing me, all of you who are seeing me, understand that probably, you as an individual investor, what you have to do is continue to be informed, your investment is informed, and not change your plan in the long run. That's why we say that we wanted to do all this exercise to understand that many times the changes or the news that come out of financial institutions are not always thought of as our benefit. That's why we also do not have to swallow it all. That's the phrase as it is said colloquially. Now, it's important, do not deny the risk of concentration in the CP500 volatile, as the principle says, those are real data. What happens is that this does not change what we have always talked about. You can have a good diversified portfolio with low cost indexes. And that's the answer. Do not enter in a black box. If I am concerned about the concentration of the CP500, I can buy ETFs from the rest of the world. They also have commissions of approximately 0.15%. And I am not paying commissions of 30%. If I am concerned about having only shares, I can buy ETFs of bonds that also have commissions of 0.1%. In the end, it is not that we are denying that there is risk of concentration and risk of macroeconomic in the world, or redundancy. What we are seeing with the learning team is that the solution that is not being presented to BlackRock and other large institutions is not the best solution. An investment is informed, as we know there are much more economic products that have produced better performance. So, well, In fact, someone who commented in the chat about what they did in the chat said that it is true that many supposed gurus have already started to arrive. That information, you see? Everyone starts to replicate the information looking for their own benefit. I think that is the lesson, another important lesson here. Not everyone who is on the internet talks taking into account the best intentions. They do not talk thinking about what is best for you, but what is best for them. Before we move on to the part of questions and answers, which of course we have part of questions and answers, as always, I want to tell you something. And it is that again this year we were nominated to the RANK Awards, the RANK Awards in 2026. Some will remember that last year, thanks to all of you who supported us, we won in the category that we were nominated which was the category of best financial shareholder. Well, this year they have nominated us again, but this year we were nominated in two categories, which we want to win. The category of best financial shareholder which was the one we won last year and this year we are also nominated in the category of best formation academy. And probably many of you are asking how so in the category of best academy? Do you sell courses? Did you not criticize the people who sold courses? And yes, the reason why we are nominated to the best academy is because last year we launched our complete course of investment in stock. A totally free course available on YouTube. And we also have live classes on Sundays like this one in which you are participating and it is completely free. Basically, the argument we gave to Rankia and Rankia agrees is we do exactly the same and more than a normal academy. We teach, we form and we accompany with very high quality, which is free and does not give value to it. In fact, from our point of view, this engine allows us to impact millions of lives. As we have always said, we want everyone to have access to information not only those who can pay for it. So that's why we are in this category too. For those who want to vote for us, voting is super easy, literally takes two minutes. Step number one, scan the QR code that you are seeing on the screen or go to the link that we leave in the description. Step number two, you have to look for the form where it says to vote and you have to look for us in the category of best financial lawyer. We appear as Juan David B. Learn to invest. Next, in the category of best academy we appear again Juan David B. Click and accept and that's important. You have to get to the form until the end. You have to vote in all categories. You can vote in white if you want, but you have to get to the end until where the email is asked and you have multiple emails you can use multiple emails and you can send it to them. It's important that you get to the end. If you get to the end, you have to get to the end and you can get the vote. So for all of you who are interested in supporting us and helping us and helping us get to more people with totally free education of excellent quality, we would appreciate it if you support us this year too. Thank you very much for the chat. Many people voted for us. We appreciate it. And after that let's move on to questions and answers. While I'm reading the questions I'll leave the instructions and the QR so you can vote while I'm answering. Well, let's see what questions are there. Well There is a question about the money from Juan Ra Inversiones He says With all the political issues we do DCA, I mean invest in that month or we do lump sum, or put all the money together. It's an important amount more than 100K. I think we have talked about this I'll always favor DCA because DCA is not a matter of maximizing the return but of managing the risk. To do DCA or invest in that month instead of putting all the money together basically protects us from that scenario of investing in the worst possible moment. Basically what happens is that nobody has crystal ball but if you start investing and the market starts to fall for a year that will benefit you. So invest in that month and protect you. And also what I always said there is a very important psychological factor especially for those who are starting and are more new in this and that I say it by experience because I've been investing for more than 13 years and I've lived all this. There is a reality that when you start you are nervous and if you have put all your savings and the next day you get a 10% you get scared, you get stressed you think it's the end of the world and you can't sleep thinking that you're going to lose all the savings in your life. In the end what happens to most people ends up selling for panic taking the money and never investing again. That's why I'm always a part of it's better to go slow but safe especially at the beginning it's better to learn to control your emotions and to be in a very high risk profile. That's why in general terms the DEA is 95% of the cases the strategy I recommend to my closest friends because if you say it if you say it's going to be brave and you're not going to scare me everyone will scare you So the answer to that question Well Question Damiant Music 7 says Now I have $3,000 to invest I should wait to see if the market falls more because of the war and take advantage of buying a good company This question has a relation to the previous one and the similar answer It's proven and all this is my answer is based on statistics and it's that most people who wait to buy at a better time they wait because there's always that feeling that it's not going to fall a little more and when less people realize they start to go up and they stay outside the best thing in your case is that you have $3,000 and related to what I said the previous question and the previous answer is start to invest from now but maybe you don't start from once with $3,000 separate them for example in 10 months instead of investing $3,000 in the next 10 months you invest $300 per month and ideally once you finish investing since you've developed the discipline to invest monthly hopefully you can continue investing $300 or $200 only because in the future the most important thing is to build the habit of investing because it's not enough to help you start strong and never invest again what will take you further in life and in the world of investments is to have the habit of investing monthly with discipline so great that you can do it to all those who are voting and we are saying that they have already voted thank you very much we really appreciate it it's very nice to feel the support that they really give us well you ask Juan thanks for the information you can invest in RSP you can mitigate the risk of concentration in VOO you are asking what you know as equaled weight what you say you take the same companies of the CP500 But instead of giving it more weight or having a higher concentration in the biggest companies, distribute the same amount of money in all the 500 companies. To answer your question of whether this reduces the risk of concentration, the answer is yes. If it reduces it because then your money is no longer concentrated in 10 companies, but it is really diversified in parts equal to 500. So, speaking strictly to your question, yes, if it reduces the risk, practically it eliminates the risk of concentration. That this will bring better results in the long run, no one knows. Because as I said when I talked about the problem of concentration, the problem of concentration, depending on how the future is, that no one knows, could become a hidden blessing. Because if those 10 companies in particular, which is where the most money has that 500, is still going better than the rest of the 490 companies, then that 500 will go very well. So this is a question that no one has the crystal ball, but it is difficult to answer. I would tell you if what you worry about is concentration, yes, if it reduces the risk of concentration. But you must be clear that that will not guarantee better performance. There are many people who simply decide to stay with that 500, we know that there is a concentration, but since we do not worry about the volatility, we feel calm. Why do not worry about volatility? Because we have a long-term investment horizon and we know that if that 500 falls, then we take advantage to invest more force in those moments. Well, we continue here. This question I like. Question from Nelcarto. Pensions are part of the total heritage that a person has. Yes, of course. I have told you many classes that one has to understand that your heritage, or your retirement plan, or your investments, or whatever you want to see it, is not just what you have when you take the cell phone, open your investment application and you see on the screen. If you have a car, a business, a company, a pension, an apartment, a house, all that adds to your heritage. And all of that in the end, let's say that you are going to solve the problem that you want to solve, which is your retirement, or the arrival of your investments. Yes, because for example, if you have, in the end, think about it this way. This is good that you take into account it. And I think I'm going to remove the voting screen for me. I think I already wanted to vote for everyone and not. Well, bad. But let's see. Ready. We were answering and I went to the dove. Oh, yes, the heritage. Think about it this way. Imagine that you want to retire in the future with, I don't know, investment, with monthly income of, for example, $2,000. I'm talking about dollars because, so that I can understand the whole world. If you, your pension, or your pension fund, the calculation gives you your retirement, it will give you $1,000 in your retirement month. Well, great. Because then now with your investments, you just have to solve the $1,000 that are missing. That is to say, thanks to having a pension fund, your problem is not to solve $2,000 in the future, but only solve what the pension fund does not solve. So to answer the question, yes, of course, yes, the pension fund, the pension fund, or whatever you have in your pension fund, counts in your retirement. Above all, your objective is also to live from that. In the end, I think a lot of what we are here, what we want is to get to that point where, let's say, like me, one lives from investments. What happens is that depending on when you reach it, a temporary retirement or a normal retirement is spoken. There is also that phrase that I always say that remember that retirement is not an age, it is a amount of money, a amount of money that allows you to retire as soon as you reach it. If you reach it before, then great. Well, we continue here. Questions from José Martínez. Isn't it a good plan to follow the L6500 method as a core at this time? In fact, I would say that it is perfect and that is why I love the strategy of nuclear satellite. Because this also has to do with the class. And that is what we said, we are not going to deny that there are some problems, let's say in the L6500. But what we talked and criticized in the class is that the solution that Lacroix presents to us, which is a too expensive solution, let's say so, and from our point of view it is not optimal. A way to solve the problem is also through the strategy of nuclear satellite. Why? Because then I can have the L6500 as a core and if I am concerned about the example, the concentration in technology can use my satellites to diversify in companies from other sectors that are not from technology. And thus reduce the risk of technological concentration. If what worries me is that you are too concentrated in the United States, you can use my satellites to invest in companies' shares of the rest of the world. And again, all that I can do, or buying individual shares or with ETFs a little more specific. So that's what we talked about. In the end, when you have knowledge and you are well informed, you can handle these problems that Lacroix presents in a much more efficient way. That's why I said during the presentation that this solution that they plan to solve all with their magic funds of private equity between thousands of those for whom it doesn't know, so to speak. Well, let's continue here. Dignity question. Nowadays it is said that the L5500 will not be the same as profitable as in the last 10 years. It is better to deliver the United States tech part in the MSC World with other indexes such as Europe, Japan and the emergence. Here is this question to answer what I have always said. I don't like to make predictions or enter into that game that many people enter into saying, this is the year of the emergence, this is the year of Japan or this is the year of India, this is the year of China. It's not about that. It's not about jumping from one side to another. In the end, we have what we have always talked about. We want a well diversified portfolio that can respond very well in the long term to the different cycles of the market. When, this was talked about a lot in the first class that we had this year, when we say, let's say we talked about it being well considered to invest in other parts of the world, we don't do it because this is the year to do it. This is something that we have been talking about since five years ago. It's like we have been talking about it for five years for example, like gold, it's a very good asset to diversify your portfolio. And let's say this year it worked very well, the gold has been fired. Of course, many people this year are saying, since the gold has been fired, let's talk about gold, it's time to invest in gold. No, the moment to invest in gold wasn't this year, the moment to invest in gold among the coins if you wanted to use it as a diversification in your portfolio, it has always been. If you understand me, I don't like the short-term vision of saying that this year, 2026, because of what is happening, it's the time to diversify. No, diversifying has always been good. From one moment to the other, it hasn't been good to diversify. In fact, we have many classes on how to diversify correctly in assets that are not related. So, again, and to answer your question, at the end of the day, I see it from a point of view, and we don't limit ourselves. It's good to look at the rest of the world. If I find excellent companies, excellent prices in other parts of the world, I'm going to take them. I would be stupid to say this, to see excellent companies, excellent prices in the rest of the world, and not take them. But it's not like I put it as an example, to buy bad companies at bad prices just because I want to buy the rest of the world. Do you understand me? At the end of the day, the criteria of buying excellent companies at good prices for long periods of time is a universal criteria. The criteria is not to buy excellent companies from the United States, to buy excellent companies at excellent prices. So, I see it this way. Here's a good question from CPCPM6917. It's a curious one. Juan, I'm 55 years old. I'm planning to invest until I'm 70. I'll get the volatility, I'm 15 years old. Here, basically, we start talking about what is known as the risk profile. And it's a very good question for people who are older. The answer is of course you can get the volatility, but it's also good to plan according to your age and according to your risk profile. For example, the Standard Board of Industry for a person of 55 years is that approximately should have 60% of their portfolio in variable income, in business shares, in stocks and in stocks, and 40% in bonds or in bonds. In the end, that's maybe the most important thing is to adapt your portfolio to your risk profile. I've repeated the word at the end three times, but what I'm going to do is to invest something that everyone should do, regardless of age. What happens is that it's important to adapt your portfolio to your investment portfolio. We have a complete portfolio of risk profile, but in general, there's a quick rule, called the rule of thumb, the rule of 110. Basically, take 110, rest your age and what you give is what you should have in variable income, that is, in stocks. For a person of 50 years the calculation would be 110 minus 50 equals 60. So 60% in stocks, 40% in bonds. Again, the idea is to do the analysis of the risk profile. But there's a rule that allows you to get a calculation as a pretty quick estimation. The question of Andrés Rojas says that the future income will be very low and that's why BlackRock now has private investments. In the end, nobody can predict the future and in fact, there's another study that found that there's no correlation between a high P rate and a drop in the stock. Most people think that the stock is falling, let's say, because of the recession, that the recession starts because the stock is expensive and most of the recession or big crisis begins because of a structural problem in the end. For example, the financial crisis, the pandemic, the... in 2005, the bubble.com but almost always what happens is that a strong stock falls and a shock happens in the market. For example, a pandemic is normal because the stock falls because the price is a little high and a shock happens, and a big shock happens. However, this has been seen historically that while there's no shock in the economy, the stock can stay in the market for a long time. That's why it's difficult to predict that the stock will fall and not necessarily. In fact, if you look at the average price of the market between approximately 1900 to 1900 and the stock falls and a big shock happens and a big shock happens and a big shock happens and a big shock happens and a big shock happens and a big shock happens and approximately 1950 to 1900 the 2000 approximately the average price of the stock was about 10 and from 2000 to 2025 the stock was about 20 someone who came to invest said that 20 is too expensive 20 is too expensive it's expensive because it had the previous average but the new normal is 20 this is not a prediction but it could be a scenario in which for the next 10 years the new normal of the S&P 500 is a pyrrhex around 25 to 30 it could happen this phenomenon already happened in the past so, I try not to worry much about that I worry about how I can keep my plan how I can keep a stable source of income to continue investing and see what happens as I always say, it's better to focus on what you can't control well because a question from Harolete in a video you said that investing in a couple in a separate set is almost the same if it's key to reach 100,000 dollars for the compound interest it wouldn't be faster to do it in a set account here we have to believe something in terms of mathematically speaking there is nothing magical that happens in 100,000 it's not like when you reach 100,000 the money starts to grow faster yes what happens is that as the money grows percentually that growth starts to feel more for example, assuming that the money grows 10% by the year then it means that it starts to grow from 10,000 to the year what I'm going to explain to you mathematically speaking it's the same if you have 100,000 in a set account that you have 50,000 in you and 50,000 in your wife because if the market grows 10% that year both accounts grow by 10% that is, both accounts grow by 5,000 that is, they grew by 10,000 at the end of the year then mathematically speaking there is no difference the same thing happens with people who say Juan, can you have money in different brokers and the answer is yes because it doesn't matter that you have 50,000 in one account and 50,000 in another account that you have 100,000 in just one it doesn't matter that you have 20,000 in five different brokers that you have 100,000 in one then the criteria to decide if you want to have the account let's say yours and your partner in the same account because we come to a matter of trust in a matter of their future plans how they look in the future yes, in the end one never wants to think that things go wrong but sometimes as they say it's good to plan for the worst scenario yes, then normally one doesn't plan that things go wrong he doesn't want it or bad to anyone and if it breaks maybe one would say that we are lucky that we have the accounts separately and we didn't have everything in one account then from there you have to make more decisions don't worry about the math or the interest as you say well it says here is a question from Maria Ruiz the money that I have left only reaches me to invest in the VEGO or the CP500 or to pay the pension as a dependent which option should you choose well, the answer is it's not a matter of which one is better paying the pension is mandatory depending on the country you are writing but paying your pension as a dependent is something mandatory by law then you have to do it let's say what I would like to do is to find a way to increase my income I know this sounds obvious but the answer is try to increase my income try to cut my expenses so that I can pay the pension which is not bad and is mandatory by law and also can invest in a ETF that replicates the CP500 is what I would handle it well well well well this question is interesting question from Ramiro Juan, I understand that the BlackRock initiative is wrong or not favoring us as investors but how is the idea of investing in companies like KKR to invest in private companies at the end it depends on how we can analyze each company because there are funds that are doing well and they are not doing well I would analyze the company what is the return the return of the investment capital would analyze the debt would analyze its financial states and would make an informed opinion of each company and would do so and if all this is what we saw during the class this regulatory issue is being favorated probably their income is being benefitted and there is a chance but what I do not like to invest in this kind of news is what we talked about during the class what can happen I do not have the crystal ball favor and within 3 years when there is a government change, they make this regulation. If that happens, what they will probably do in the price of these companies' actions is that they go up for favorable regulation and once they take it back, it falls again. So, it's not that you can't invest in these companies, it's not that you shouldn't do it, it's that if you do it with any company, then I have to understand the risks, I have to understand the potential benefits and I wouldn't focus on if it's a good company, I wouldn't invest in a company only because there is a regulatory change, because they can devolve it. Good question from Angel Orlando. Juan, what do you think of the investors who have actions in technological companies? We know that they are now going down. Do you think we should keep investing to look for other options at the moment? This depends a lot because this is what I say, one can never see portfolio or each action as an individual, I have to see how it fits into my portfolio. So, for example, if someone shows me their portfolio and I look at their portfolio, for example, it has only 20 actions and all the 20 actions of technology, I would say, hey, it would be good to diversify more in other sectors. I would say that not because the actions are falling or they are going up or because there is a bubble of ida or because there is no bubble of ida, I would say that simply because it is the correct thing, let's say diversify it in other sectors, as always there is no reason for us to stay with just one sector. So, back to your question, when you tell me, should I look further in technology? Well, let's see, normally if you only have technology in your portfolio, yes, you should look further in technology, but not because the technology is falling at this moment, it is simply because something that you should have always done. If I see someone whose portfolio has only 20% of technology, then I would say do not worry, great that you diversified before the fall, great that you were prepared for these moments, great that you continued the advice to diversify, at this moment you are seeing why it is good to diversify, do you understand me? So, let's say the invitation and with this question above all is for you to analyze your portfolio always as a whole, understand your portfolio, what is in your portfolio, how does it fit what is in your portfolio and there is the answer because again and I want to make this easy, if someone asks me, for example, Juan, should I buy shares of Nvidia before answering the first thing I would do is see your portfolio and see what the portfolio has and how that purchase of Nvidia would fit. Because again it is not the same as someone who asks me, someone who has all their portfolio in mega-computer technology should buy Nvidia, if I have all the technology, I say no, regardless of whether Nvidia is fine or not, while if I see someone who suddenly does not have so much technology, there is already the second step which is to analyze in this example Nvidia and see if it is a attractive price, but it does not jump in the first step of seeing how the shares fit in your portfolio because many people jump in that step and finish with a poorly structured portfolio and that is a problem. Well, I go here and ask Edwin if the purpose is to reach 100k or as fast as possible, it is not the best time to invest in large amounts now to take advantage of this moment of the falls but what we talked about is what we talked about before, let's say it is the subject of know how to handle volatility, how did I handle it so that they understand me a little and also especially in the stage that I was investing when I had a job in a company, let's say stable, well, a normal job, let's call it that way, when I see falls, let's say like those that are happening now and let's say returning 15 years from the past, 15 years from that when David who still worked in a company had a salary when I see that the market starts to fall or when I saw that the market started to fall, it is true, I tried to cut my expenses to be able to invest more because I knew that the money I invest during the falls is the one that will most benefit, however, I did not do it with a let's say the mentality of I am going to buy now because from this purchase it will start to rise, no, I was very aware that it could be the market, despite the fact that it has fallen, it can continue to fall, so it is like what is a matter of mentality, if in the end I can allow myself to invest more than normal during the fall, great, but I must be aware that it can happen as it happened in 2022 that the fall lasts a year whole, if then what I must have clear at that moment is that if I start investing let's say in January strongly because there is a fall and in January in February it fell more and continue to invest strongly, I should not do it thinking that there will be a quick recovery, which is not that this is this mentality, but it is smart rather than that if it continues to fall, then I continue to take advantage to invest strongly, if there is a month that I can not invest strongly, then it is not bad, yes, but that is the issue of the mentality of how to handle the fall, so it is clear that it is fine to take advantage of the falls to invest stronger than normal, but do not do it waiting for a reward in the short time because the fall can last longer than you think and that is the important thing, well we continue here wow this is more than a question I love this comment question from andaléjo 1109 hello Juan thanks for your classes I follow you from nero in 2023 I am already popular investor in etoro that well with 26 copycats and almost 50 thousand dollars in copy patience and long term I love reading that I congratulate you very much for those who do not know when you are in etoro that I have a video of that in fact I will show you because that video is very good they should consider it but when you become popular investors cannot copy other people and when they start copying it and it comes that they copy it in 50 thousand dollars that as our friend says it is possible etoro starts to pay you as if it were a salary that they start paying you initially I think it is 200 dollars a month who would not like to save 200 dollars a month great for those who do not know that I am talking about where I have it and here I have this video from here and that this video says give me 17 minutes and I will explain how to withdraw with only 50 thousand dollars step by step super recommended that truth that it is a super video now that I see it since it has reached 200 thousand views when they see it they will understand why it has almost 200 thousand views so again and further I congratulate you for that achievement well let's see another couple more questions and and this question I like the question of and we and we pin am says Juan if a large part of my portfolio is in technology is recommended to sell and rebalance or wait and rebalance this is what I tell you is part of what I tell you that it is important to understand that we do not work as a investment fund the dynamics of an individual investment is very different from the dynamics of a fund so when it comes to rebalance we have a great advantage and it is that if we are investing monthly we can use our monthly investments to rebalance what we need so for example if your problem is currently that you feel that you have too much technology is not necessary to sell that is to sell a part of that to buy the other what you can do this is not a recommendation is an example is maybe see your portfolio and say oh I see that I do not have a health sector then with the following investments that I make I invest in health or invest for example in utilities or invest in defensive investments in other sectors of the economy so that with those investments I start to balance the portfolio until some percentages that are well balanced and this applies to everyone the same also for the one who says oh I see that I do not have a fixed rent and or bonds and should have bonds according to my risk profile must sell shares to buy bonds the answer in most cases is not necessary that you sell take advantage of the following monthly investments to buy what you need until you manage to balance it well question of mateo hello Juan how to know when an action reaches its maximum two answers one is impossible no one has the crystal ball and the one who tells you that he has it wants to sell you a course and for something is selling courses it is impossible it is impossible to know what we can analyze ourselves as investors is a good company and is an attractive price and the advantage additionally is that when we buy good companies there is no maximum price because the maximum price will always continue to grow let's say what we have seen with companies example google in the last 20 years while google as a company continues to grow while its sales continue to grow while its utilities continue to grow it is normal that the price of the action continues to grow let's say the way in which a maximum would be formed in an action is when the sales and utilities reach a maximum and start to grow there is when it would have made sense that the company also or the action begins to fall but while the company in the end continues to grow it is normal that in the long term the action continues to grow maybe the ones who understand better these are the people who bought an amazon over there in 2000 and they did not sell it because in 2000 the company falls a little after as now in 2002 2003 it rises as a 100% and there are people who say and their 100% must be a maximum and they sold well those who did not sell have realized that since then it has risen as a 3,000% more than again do not try to follow this logic of I want to sell at maximum and buy at minimum that is not to invest no investor let's say great investors especially investors who handle a concept of value investing handle their portfolio like that that traders do the traders are those who want to sell courses so that they have that in account and well seeing now I see that it is time to finish excellent questions I hope you liked the class before going and for those who arrived late remember we are in the ranking awards I thank you very much if you can vote for us I leave you quickly here the QR with the steps so that you can vote it is free take maximum 2 minutes and well we would love to win again this year so well